Add keyboard shortcuts reference documentation - DOCS-1659 (#1461)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/keyboard-shortcuts.md

---
description: Learn about the keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App.
menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 1
---

The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

## Workspace Management

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo a change you've made in the UI, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel. |

> ## Navigation

Reviewer: <img width="878" height="383" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a419b788-d723-4df9-a8dd-d0ec000fb6c0" />

Command - J toggles between the run table view and workspace view, which lets you rapidly flip between seeing the plots and seeing key metrics and config field.

Separately, your browser's back command (often command-[ ) is useful when you're in the fullscreen panel view and want to go back to the full workspace view.

Author: Done, also discovered CMD+K.

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Left/Right arrows** | Step through panels in full-screen mode without clicking the step slider. |

> | **Command+Left/Right** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Left/Right** (Windows/Linux) | Navigate through different steps or time periods in full-screen mode. |

Reviewer: This is not very clear to me.    Left right changes the panel shown.  You don't need to refer to the step slider at all.

In the full screen view Command + Left / Right changes the step slider, so I think it's clearest if we just say that

Author: Done

## Content Management

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Delete** or **Backspace** | Remove a selected panel grid in a report, after clicking the drag handle in the top-right corner to select it. |
| **Enter** | After typing `/mark`, press **Enter** to insert a Markdown block. |

## Standard Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Move focus between UI elements using standard web accessibility patterns. |
| **Enter** | Submit searches in query panels and search fields. |

## Tips

> - **Full-screen mode shortcuts**: The Left/Right arrow and Command/Ctrl+Left/Right shortcuts are particularly useful when analyzing media panels or time series data, or to step through experimental results.

Reviewer: Why would it be useful for time series data?

Author: That's a good question. Let me check the source to see what the model might have picked up on.

Author: FIxed, the model was mistaken. :)

| **Left/Right arrows** | Step through panels in full-screen mode without clicking the step slider. |
| **Command+Left/Right** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Left/Right** (Windows/Linux) | Navigate through different steps or time periods in full-screen mode. |

## Content Management

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Delete** or **Backspace** | Remove a selected panel grid in reports (click the drag handle in the top-right corner to select). |
| **Enter** | Create a Markdown block for rich text editing in reports (after typing "/mark"). |

## Standard Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Move focus between UI elements using standard web accessibility patterns. |
| **Enter** | Submit searches in query panels and search fields. |

## Tips for Efficient Use

- **Full-screen mode shortcuts**: The Left/Right arrow and Command/Ctrl+Left/Right shortcuts are particularly useful when analyzing media panels or time series data, or to step through experimental results.
- **Workspace organization**: Use **Cmd/Ctrl+Z** when to revert changes when experimenting with different workspace layouts.

## Browser Compatibility

> These keyboard shortcuts work in all modern web browsers that support the W&B App. Some shortcuts may interact with browser-specific features, so if you experience conflicts, check your browser's keyboard shortcut settings. 

Author: ```suggestion
## Tips
- **Full-screen mode shortcuts**: The Left/Right arrow and Command/Ctrl+Left/Right shortcuts are particularly useful when analyzing media panels or time series data, or to step through experimental results.
- **Workspace organization**: Use **Cmd/Ctrl+Z** when to revert changes when experimenting with different workspace layouts.
- **Browser compatibility**: These keyboard shortcuts work in all modern web browsers that support the W&B App. Some shortcuts may interact with browser-specific features, so if you experience conflicts, check your browser's keyboard shortcut settings. 
```

---
description: Reference guide for keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App
menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 60
---

The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

## Workspace Management

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo workspace changes | Undo a change you've made in the UI, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel. |

## Navigation

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| **Left/Right arrows** | Navigate between panels | Step through panels in full-screen mode without clicking the step slider. |
| **Command+Left/Right** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Left/Right** (Windows/Linux) | Move step slider | Navigate through different steps or time periods in full-screen mode. |

## Content Management

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|

> | **Delete** or **Backspace** | Delete panel grids | Remove a selected panel grid in reports (click the drag handle in the top-right corner to select). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Delete** or **Backspace** | Delete panel grids | Remove a selected panel grid in a report. First, click the drag handle in the top-right corner to select the panel, then use the keyboard shortcut to delete it. |
```

> | **Enter** | Insert Markdown block | Create a Markdown block for rich text editing in reports (after typing "/mark"). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Enter** | Insert Markdown block | After typing a command in a report, such as `/mark`, use **Enter** to add the block.  |
```

## Standard Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Move focus between UI elements using standard web accessibility patterns. |
| **Enter** | Submit searches in query panels and search fields. |

## Tips for Efficient Use

> - **Full-screen mode shortcuts**: The Left/Right arrow and Command/Ctrl+Left/Right shortcuts are particularly useful when analyzing media panels, time series data, or stepping through experimental results

Author: ```suggestion
- **Full-screen mode shortcuts**: The Left/Right arrow and Command/Ctrl+Left/Right shortcuts are particularly useful when analyzing media panels or time series data, or to step through experimental results.
```

> - **Workspace organization**: Use Cmd/Ctrl+Z frequently when experimenting with different workspace layouts to quickly revert unwanted changes

Author: ```suggestion
- **Workspace organization**: Use **Cmd/Ctrl+Z** when to revert changes when experimenting with different workspace layouts.
```

> - **Cross-platform consistency**: Most shortcuts work identically across platforms, with the main difference being Cmd (macOS) vs Ctrl (Windows/Linux) for modifier keys

Author: ```suggestion
```

---

> description: Reference guide for keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App.
```

menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 60
---

The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

## Workspace Management

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|

> | **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo workspace changes | Undo a change you've made in the UI, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo workspace changes | Undo a change you've made in the App, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel |
```

## Run Management

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|

> | **Ctrl+D** | Stop/kill running scripts | Stop a script instrumented with W&B in your terminal or command line interface (works on all platforms). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Ctrl+D** | Stop/kill running scripts | Stop a script instrumented with W&B in your terminal or command line interface. |
```

## Navigation

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| **Left/Right arrows** | Navigate between panels | Step through panels in full-screen mode without clicking the step slider |
| **Command+Left/Right** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Left/Right** (Windows/Linux) | Move step slider | Navigate through different steps or time periods in full-screen mode |

## Content Management

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| **Delete** or **Backspace** | Delete panel grids | Remove a selected panel grid in reports (click the drag handle in the top-right corner to select) |

> | **Enter** | Insert Markdown block | Create a Markdown block for rich text editing in reports (after typing "/mark") |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Enter** | Insert Markdown block | Create a Markdown block for rich text editing in reports (after typing `/mark`) |
```

---
description: Learn about the keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App.
menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 1
---

The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

## Workspace Management

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo a change you've made in the UI, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel. |
| **Cmd+Y** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Y** (Windows/Linux) | Redo a change you previously undid in the workspace. |

## Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Navigate between interactive elements. |
| **Cmd+J** (macOS) / **Ctrl+J** (Windows/Linux) | Switch between the Workspaces and Runs tabs in the sidebar. |
| **Cmd+K** (macOS) / **Ctrl+K** (Windows/Linux) | Open the quick search dialog to search across projects, runs, and other resources. |

> | **Cmd+[** (macOS) | Exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Escape** | Throughout the W&B App, exit full-screen panel views, close settings drawers, dismiss the quick search dialog, close an editor, or dismiss other overlays. |
```

## Panel Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Left Arrow / Right Arrow** | Step through panels in a section when in full screen mode. |

> | **Cmd+Left Arrow / Cmd+Right Arrow** (macOS)<br>**Ctrl+Left Arrow / Ctrl+Right Arrow** (Windows/Linux) | When viewing a media panel in full screen mode,move the step slider. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Cmd+[** (macOS) | Similar to **Esc**, exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |
| **Cmd+Left Arrow / Cmd+Right Arrow** (macOS)<br>**Ctrl+Left Arrow / Ctrl+Right Arrow** (Windows/Linux) | When viewing a media panel in full screen mode,move the step slider. |
```

## Search and Selection

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Escape** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |
| **Up Arrow / Down Arrow** | Navigate through search results in the quick search dialog. |
| **Enter** | Select the highlighted search result or submit a search query. |

## Reports

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Delete / Backspace** | Remove the selected panel grid from the report. |

> | **Enter** | Insert a Markdown block after typing "/mark" in a report. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Enter** | Insert a Markdown block after typing "/mark" in a report. |
| **Escape** | Exit the report editor. |
```

## Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Navigate between interactive elements. |
| **Cmd+J** (macOS) / **Ctrl+J** (Windows/Linux) | Switch between the Workspaces and Runs tabs in the sidebar. |
| **Cmd+K** (macOS) / **Ctrl+K** (Windows/Linux) | Open the quick search dialog to search across projects, runs, and other resources. |
| **Esc** | Throughout the W&B App, exit full-screen panel views, close settings drawers, dismiss the quick search dialog, close an editor, or dismiss other overlays. |

## Panel Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Left Arrow / Right Arrow** | Step through panels in a section when in full screen mode. |
| **Esc** | Exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |
| **Cmd+Left Arrow / Cmd+Right Arrow** (macOS)<br>**Ctrl+Left Arrow / Ctrl+Right Arrow** (Windows/Linux) | When viewing a media panel in full screen mode,move the step slider. |

## Search and Selection

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Up Arrow / Down Arrow** | Navigate through search results in the quick search dialog. |

> | **Enter** | Select the highlighted search result or submit a search query. |

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
description: Learn about the keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App.
menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 1
---

The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

## Workspace Management

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Cmd+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Z** (Windows/Linux) | Undo a change you've made in the UI, such as a modification to the workspace or a panel. |

> | **Cmd+Y** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Y** (Windows/Linux) | Redo a change you previously undid in the workspace. |

Reviewer: Could you share where you found this? This does not happen for me and the hover in the app say command+shift+z

Author: I believe it came from https://github.com/wandb/core/blob/8cfdec21b02dbfccf3504e3d79bb7eb2ab7dcc37/frontends/app/src/util/hotkeys.ts#L16.

Author: (and it looks from the area of the file it is in like it is non-macOS only)

> | **Cmd+Y** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Y** (Windows/Linux) | Redo a change you previously undid in the workspace. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Cmd+Shift+Z** (macOS) / **Ctrl+Y** (Windows/Linux) | Redo a change you previously undid in the workspace. |
```

## Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Tab** | Navigate between interactive elements. |
| **Cmd+J** (macOS) / **Ctrl+J** (Windows/Linux) | Switch between the Workspaces and Runs tabs in the sidebar. |
| **Cmd+K** (macOS) / **Ctrl+K** (Windows/Linux) | Open the quick search dialog to search across projects, runs, and other resources. |

> | **Escape** | Throughout the W&B App, exit full-screen panel views, close settings drawers, dismiss the quick search dialog, close an editor, or dismiss other overlays. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Esc** | Throughout the W&B App, exit full-screen panel views, close settings drawers, dismiss the quick search dialog, close an editor, or dismiss other overlays. |
```

## Panel Navigation

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Left Arrow / Right Arrow** | Step through panels in a section when in full screen mode. |

> | **Cmd+[** (macOS) | Similar to **Esc**, exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |

Reviewer: This actually is Esc now

> | **Cmd+[** (macOS) | Similar to **Esc**, exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Esc** | Exit full-screen panel view and return to the workspace. |
```

| **Cmd+Left Arrow / Cmd+Right Arrow** (macOS)<br>**Ctrl+Left Arrow / Ctrl+Right Arrow** (Windows/Linux) | When viewing a media panel in full screen mode,move the step slider. |

## Search and Selection

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|

> | **Escape** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Esc** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |
```

> | **Esc** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |
> | **Up Arrow / Down Arrow** | Navigate through search results in the quick search dialog. |
> | **Enter** | Select the highlighted search result or submit a search query. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Up Arrow / Down Arrow** | Navigate through search results in the quick search dialog. |
| **Enter** | Select the highlighted search result or submit a search query. |
| **Esc** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |
```

> | **Esc** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |

Reviewer 2: is this referring to somewhere in particular in the application? I ask because these are basic accessibility things and not sure we need to call them out. And at the moment they don't always work.

Author: I'm a little puzzled about what the "quick search" dialog means, because I can't get Esc to dismiss the workspace search or runs search or even typing in a query panel. But I think that @jlzhao27 mapped the previous Ctrl+[ to Esc recently, which was the prompt to try to document the other keyboard shortcuts. Maybe he can help fix my misunderstanding.

Reviewer 2: I think we are good to remove this whole section.

> | **Esc** | Close the quick search dialog or exit search mode. |

Author: ```suggestion
```
Removing this since I can't get it to work and it's not clear that the [code change](https://github.com/wandb/core/pull/31876) actually includes this.

## Reports

| Shortcut | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Delete / Backspace** | Remove the selected panel grid from the report. |
| **Enter** | Insert a Markdown block after typing "/mark" in a report. |

> | **Escape** | Exit the report editor. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Esc** | Exit the report editor. |
```

---

> description: Reference guide for keyboard shortcuts available in the W&B App UI

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the keyboard shortcuts in the W&B App.
```

menu:
  default:
    identifier: keyboard-shortcuts
    parent: app
title: Keyboard shortcuts
weight: 60
---

> The W&B App UI supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.

Author: ```suggestion
The W&B App supports keyboard shortcuts to help you navigate and interact with experiments, workspaces, and data more efficiently. This reference guide covers all available keyboard shortcuts organized by functional area.
```
